Content Guidelines

Titles sold through the Digital Text Platform Program must follow our content policy and guidelines, detailed below. Publishers are expected to conduct proper research to ensure that the Titles sold through the Digital Text Platform Program are in compliance with all local, state, national, and international laws. If Amazon Digital Services, Inc. determines that the content of a Title is prohibited, we may summarily remove or alter it without returning any fees. Amazon Digital Services, Inc. reserves the right to make judgments about whether or not content is appropriate.Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with some examples of prohibited content:

    Pornography
    Pornography and hard-core material that depicts graphic sexual acts.

    Offensive Material
    What we deem offensive is probably about what you would expect. Amazon
Digital Services, Inc. reserves the right to determine the appropriateness of
Titles sold on our site.

    Illegal Items
    Titles sold through the Digital Text Platform Program must adhere to all
applicable laws. Some Titles that may not be sold include any Titles which may
lead to the production of an illegal item or illegal activity.

    Stolen Goods
    If Amazon Digital Services, Inc. learns that a Publisher does not have the
right to license a Title to us through the Digital Text Platform Program, we
will immediately remove the Title from the Program.

    Items that Infringe Upon an Individual's Privacy
    Amazon Digital Services, Inc. holds personal privacy in the highest regard.
Therefore, Titles that infringe upon, or have potential to infringe upon, an
individual's privacy – or that portray an individual in a false light - are
prohibited. Additionally, Titles that are composed of marketing lists (bulk
e-mail lists, direct-mail marketing lists, etc.) are prohibited.

    Recopied Media
    Copies, dubs, duplicates of software, images, etc., are prohibited.
Likewise, you cannot sell transferred media from the Internet to any digital
format--unless explicitly approved by the author.

    Rights of Publicity
    Celebrity images and/or celebrity names cannot be used for commercial
purposes without permission of the celebrity or their management. This includes
product endorsements and merchandise as well as unauthorized celebrity image
collections.

    Public Domain
    Selling content that is in the public domain is permissible through our
Program. We may request that you provide proof that your submitted material is
actually in the public domain and may refuse public domain content already
available through our Program or available through other retail sites.
