Acquired on 2011-01-15 16:30 PST
https://www.createspace.com/Help/Rights/ContentGuidelines.jsp
==================================

Content Guidelines

Items sold on through the CreateSpace service must follow our content policy and guidelines, detailed below. Producers or sellers of items are expected to conduct proper research to ensure that the items sold through the CreateSpace service are in compliance with all local, state, national, and international laws. If CreateSpace determines that the content of an item is prohibited, we may summarily remove or alter it without returning any fees the listing has incurred. CreateSpace reserves the right to make judgments about whether or not content is appropriate.

Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with some examples of prohibited content:
Pornography

Pornography, X-rated movies, home porn, hard-core material that depict graphic sexual acts, and amateur porn are not permitted. Unrated erotic videos and DVDs of the type you'd find at a typical bookstore are permitted for DVD distribution, but are not permitted for Amazon Video on Demand distribution. Any permitted nudity, graphic titles, and descriptions must be sufficiently concealed with censor strips on all items containing such content.
Offensive Material

What we deem offensive is probably about what you would expect. This includes items such as crime-scene videos, videos of cruelty to animals, and extremely disturbing materials. CreateSpace reserves the right to determine the appropriateness of items sold on our site. Also, be aware of cultural differences and sensitivities. Some materials may be acceptable in one country, but unacceptable in another. Please keep in mind our global community of customers.
Illegal Items

Items sold through the CreateSpace service must adhere to all applicable laws. This includes the sale of items by individuals outside the United States. Some items that may not be sold include any products which may lead to the production of an illegal item or illegal activity.
Stolen Goods

If CreateSpace learns that an item is not the property of the seller, or was obtained through illegal means, we will immediately remove the item from our service.
Items that Infringe Upon an Individual's Privacy

CreateSpace holds personal privacy in the highest regard. Therefore, items that infringe upon, or have potential to infringe upon, an individual's privacy are prohibited. Additionally, the sale of marketing lists (bulk e-mail lists, direct-mail marketing lists, etc.) is prohibited.
Recopied Media

Copies, dubs, duplicates, or transfers of music, videos, software, images, etc., are prohibited. Just as you cannot sell a photocopied book without the author's permission, you cannot sell copies or duplicates of videos, music, video games, software, photos, etc. Likewise, you cannot sell transferred media – whether laserdisc to video, CD-ROM to cassette tape, or from the Internet to any digital format--unless explicitly approved by the author.
Movies

Unauthorized copies of movies (VHS, DVD, etc.) may not be sold through CreateSpace. Also, movies that have been transferred from one format to another (unless done by the proper rights holder) are not permitted. For example, NTSC to Pal and Pal to NTSC conversions are not permitted unless done by the proper rights holder. Unreleased/prereleased movies, screeners and trailers are prohibited.
Television Programs

Unauthorized copies of television programs, including pay-per-view events, are prohibited. Commercially produced and licensed copies of television programs are permitted. Unauthorized television programs and unauthorized copies of programs never broadcast, unauthorized scripts, unauthorized props, and screeners are prohibited.
Music

Recopied music in any format is prohibited. Bootlegs, unauthorized live concerts, unauthorized soundboard recordings, unauthorized merchandise, etc., is not permitted. Content containing unlicensed popular music as its soundtrack is not permitted. Likewise, "mix" CDs of unlicensed music are not permitted. Please see our Copyright Guidelines for additional information on rights.
Promotional Media

Movies, CDs, software, etc., that are produced and distributed for promotional use only are prohibited for sale through CreateSpace.
Rights of Publicity

Celebrity images and/or celebrity names cannot be used for commercial purposes without permission of the celebrity or their management. This includes product endorsements and merchandise as well as unauthorized celebrity image collections.
Public Domain

Selling content that is in the public domain is permissible through our services. We may request that you provide proof that your submitted material is actually in the public domain and may refuse public domain content already available through our service or available through other retail sites. We do not currently accept public domain material for Amazon Video on Demand.

